docs(guides): add 'Query Development Tutorial' section in creating-queries.md (#3747)
Checkmarx/kics: docs/creating-queries.md

	object.get(cloudtrail, "is_multi_region_trail", "undefined") == "undefined"

	result := {
		"documentId": input.document[i].id,
		"searchKey": sprintf("aws_cloudtrail[%s]", [name]),
		"issueType": "MissingAttribute",
		"keyExpectedValue": "CloudTrail Multi Region is defined",
		"keyActualValue": "CloudTrail Multi Region is undefined",
	}
}

CxPolicy[result] {
	cloudtrail := input.document[i].resource.aws_cloudtrail[name]
	cloudtrail.is_multi_region_trail == false

	result := {
		"documentId": input.document[i].id,
		"searchKey": sprintf("aws_cloudtrail[%s].is_multi_region_trail", [name]),
		"issueType": "IncorrectValue",
		"keyExpectedValue": "CloudTrail Multi Region is set to true",
		"keyActualValue": "CloudTrail Multi Region is set to false",
	}
}
```

To test the query in the [Rego playground](https://play.openpolicyagent.org/), perform the following steps:
1. Enable Coverage (highlights which statements were evaluated);
2. In the input, paste the payload (explained above);
3. In the playground, paste and/or write the policies. Check if the statements are painted green;
4. Click on Evaluate;
5. In the output, check if the results are as expected.

> <img alt="RegoPlayground" src="img/rego_playground_example_tf.PNG">

Reviewer: I think this image source link is wrong

👨‍💻 **Metadata File**

Observe the following metadata.json example and check the Guidelines below for more detailed information.

```
{
  "id": "8173d5eb-96b5-4aa6-a71b-ecfa153c123d",
  "queryName": "CloudTrail Multi Region Disabled",
  "severity": "MEDIUM",
  "category": "Observability",
  "descriptionText": "Check if MultiRegion is Enabled",
  "descriptionUrl": "https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudtrail#is_multi_region_trail",
  "platform": "Terraform"
}

```

👨‍💻 **Test Folder**

> Keep in mind that all the positive and negative files should contain only one breaking point case. This way, the results are more clear. As a best practice, the test folder should contain all the [extensions available](https://docs.kics.io/1.3.3/platforms/) by the platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that all the positive and negative files should contain only one breaking point case. This way, the results are more clear. As a best practice, the test folder should contain all the [extensions available](https://docs.kics.io/latest/platforms/) by the platform.
```

 ```
{
  "id": "0ac9abbc-6d7a-41cf-af23-2e57ddb3dbfc",
  "queryName": "Sensitive Port Is Exposed To Entire Network",
  "severity": "HIGH",
  "category": "Networking and Firewall",
  "descriptionText": "A sensitive port, such as port 23 or port 110, is open for the whole network in either TCP or UDP protocol",
  "descriptionUrl": "https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/collections/azure/azcollection/azure_rm_securitygroup_module.html#parameter-rules",
  "platform": "Ansible",
  "aggregation": 35
}

```
2. It implements the same query for different platforms in the same **query.rego**
```
{
  "id": "332cf2ad-380d-4b90-b436-46f8e635cf38",
  "queryName": "Invalid Contact URL (v3)",
  "severity": "INFO",
  "category": "Best Practices",
  "descriptionText": "Contact Object URL should be a valid URL",
  "descriptionUrl": "https://swagger.io/specification/#contact-object",
  "platform": "OpenAPI",
  "override": {
    "2.0": {
      "id": "c7000383-16d0-4509-8cd3-585e5ea2e2f2",
      "queryName": "Invalid Contact URL (v2)",
      "descriptionUrl": "https://swagger.io/specification/v2/#contactObject"
    }
  },
  "aggregation": 2
}

```

> 

Reviewer: I think it is missing `override` keyword
